little box on the hillside little boxes
made of Kiki tacky little boxes on the
side and they all look just the same you
want to control your life but life isn't
a science experiment you can't contain
your world forever try doing one thing
that scares you over break okay yeah
this serves as an entry voucher for
meanness escape rooms
the first escape room yet and win a
million dollars so uh when does the game
start I think this is the escape room we
should look for clues what are we
looking for here anything that looks
like a puzzle or code it looks like an
oven dial
well that's creepy as hell is it getting
hotter how do we get out of here it's
burning for 15 months
talk about immersive what's wrong with
you that was real Wow
dumb question are we outside sooner get
this figured out soon we get the hell
out of here
they're watching us they know everyone
relations everything about us this is my
hospital bed me too
they made these rooms fronts I've never
seen things that weren't there before
that's why they chose us and they all
look
you
[Music]